You stop me
Ye Feifan
Master Feng is here
You are dead.
Master Ye Feifan Feng is a master of dragon transformation mirrors
Just the kung fu of your three-legged cat
Master Feng can take you with one finger.
Hahahaha
I'll give you a minute now.
Get out of my face right now
Or I'll cut off your corpse
Make your life worse than death
Then Master Feng, you can't let him go
You killed this trash alone today.
He is guilty
Master Wang
As long as you kill this bastard
I'll give you a billion.
Is he the trump card you invited?
rubbish
Humph
Zhang Zhi doesn't have much time left for you
Don't say I will vote for the Zhang family
Kill you dare to underestimate Lao Tzu
You are courting death, your opponent is my flower dragon claw
Ah!
Boy, you killed Master Feng Yifan
What secretion means do you have?
He plotted against Master Feng
Plot this crap
You can crush him with one finger
Zhang Zhi
You have three seconds.
If you don't say it, he will die